Hello! This is help section of CMD-Diary program.
Before going further, make sure you have correct version of Python in your computer
Because some functions work in a certain version and some not
For best performance I reccomend you to download python 3.9 as this program is made in python 3.9.6
If you have correctly setup your program then here are some option you should try to avoid errors

Main Menu -
1. If you're showed with the text "Please choose from 1 to 6 Only"
2. Try using number keys from keyboard or virtual keyboard and choose your desired option from number 1 to number 6 only.

Add Today's Entry -
1. Check if the folder path is correct in path.txt file
2. If doesn't exist, append a forward slash ('/') to the end of path in path file
3. The problem may come due to non ASCII characters as python doesn't recognise them
4. Don't copy-paste, write the text as sometimes copy-pasting includes some character which isn't supported in python

Add Other Day Entry -
1. Be sure to write the date format in YYYY-MM-DD where YYYY = year (for example 2022, 2023), MM = month in two integer (for example 03 for march, 10 for october etc.) and DD = date in two integer (for example 02, 07, 13, 28 etc.)

Add To Entry -
1. Check weather the dates are correct
2. Check if entry for that perticular date is made

View An Entry -
1. Check weather the dates are correct
2. Check if entry for that perticular date is made

Settings -
1. If you're showed with the text "Please choose from 1 to 5 Only"
2. Try using number keys from keyboard or virtual keyboard and choose your desired option from number 1 to number 5 only.

Entry Folder Path -
1. Make sure that directory/folder exists
2. Make sure that in path.txt, all back slashes ('\') are replaced by forward slashes ('/')
3. If not present, add a forward slash ('/') at the end of the path in path.txt

If the problem still persists or it is not solved by the this guide or if it is not present in this guide -
1. Check out repository's issue page, search for problem and look for the solution
2. If you find no issue regarding your problem, make a new issue and others(including me) will try to solve them